README.md, before:

# Capistrano::SharedConfigs

This gem provides capistrano tasks to pull the latest configs from the shared configs branch and update the symlinks in the shared directory.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano-shared_configs'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install capistrano-shared_configs

## Usage

The tasks can be made available to your capistrano deploy environments by requiring `capistrano/shared_configs` in your `Capfile`.

The three tasks made available to you are

```
cap shared_configs:pull
cap shared_configs:symlink
cap shared_configs:update
```

`shared_configs:update` simply calls `pull` and then `symlink` and is intended to provide a simple single command.

This can be added into your deployment workflow to automatically pull and symlink shared configs into your capistrano shared directories, or alternatively just run manually from the command line.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/jkeck/capistrano-shared_configs.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [Apache 2.0 License](https://opensource.org/licenses/apache-2.0).

Commit message:

Add shared_configs:check task

README.md, after:

# Capistrano::SharedConfigs

This gem provides capistrano tasks to pull the latest configs from the shared configs branch and update the symlinks in the shared directory.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano-shared_configs'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install capistrano-shared_configs

## Usage

It depends on another agent (i.e. puppet) to get the shared_configs branch onto the server.

The tasks can be made available to your capistrano deploy environments by requiring `capistrano/shared_configs` in your `Capfile`.

The three tasks made available to you are

```
cap shared_configs:check
cap shared_configs:pull
cap shared_configs:symlink
cap shared_configs:update
```

`shared_configs:update` simply calls `pull` and then `symlink` and is intended to provide a simple single command.

This can be added into your deployment workflow to automatically pull and symlink shared configs into your capistrano shared directories, or alternatively just run manually from the command line.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/jkeck/capistrano-shared_configs.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [Apache 2.0 License](https://opensource.org/licenses/apache-2.0).
